docs(metrics-extraction): Add mention of metrics extraction to docs (#9206)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/dashboards/custom-dashboards/index.mdx

When adding a widget or editing an existing one, you will be taken to a new page where you can see the dashboard widget builder. The widget builder has several configuration options that you can use to shape data and add information to your dashboard. Learn more in the [Widget Builder documentation](/product/dashboards/widget-builder/).

### Metrics Extraction

<Include name="feature-available-for-user-group-early-adopter.mdx" />

> If you're using custom tags or custom filters for in your widgets, we will start collecting metrics to give you accurate counts and rates. During widget creation or editing you will see approximate data based on indexed events, but as soon as you save we will start extracting metrics for those widgets.

Author: ![Screenshot 2024-02-22 at 3 00 19 PM](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/assets/6111995/127fd045-54cc-463a-b1da-b2691bf8cdad)

We can maybe add an image?

Reviewer: That's a good idea!

Reviewer 2: Yes, agree on adding an image!

When adding a widget or editing an existing one, you will be taken to a new page where you can see the dashboard widget builder. The widget builder has several configuration options that you can use to shape data and add information to your dashboard. Learn more in the [Widget Builder documentation](/product/dashboards/widget-builder/).

### Metrics Extraction

<Include name="feature-available-for-user-group-early-adopter.mdx" />

> If you're using custom tags or custom filters in your widgets using the transaction dataset, we will start collecting metrics to give you accurate counts and rates. During widget creation or editing, you will see approximate data based on indexed event. As soon as you save, we will start extracting metrics for those widgets. It may take up to 15 minutes to start seeing metrics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using custom tags or custom filters in your widgets, we will start collecting metrics to give you accurate counts and rates. During widget creation or editing, you will see approximate metrics for transaction datasets based on indexed events. As soon as you save, we will start extracting metrics for those widgets. It may take up to 15 minutes to start seeing metrics.
```

> [Learn more about the feature and limitations of metrics extraction.](/product/dashboards/widget-builder/#extracted-metrics)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about the feature and limitations of [metrics extraction](/product/dashboards/widget-builder/#extracted-metrics).
```

When adding a widget or editing an existing one, you will be taken to a new page where you can see the dashboard widget builder. The widget builder has several configuration options that you can use to shape data and add information to your dashboard. Learn more in the [Widget Builder documentation](/product/dashboards/widget-builder/).

### Metrics Extraction

<Include name="feature-available-for-user-group-early-adopter.mdx" />

> If you're using custom tags or custom filters for in your widgets, we will start collecting metrics to give you accurate counts and rates. During widget creation or editing you will see approximate data based on indexed events, but as soon as you save we will start extracting metrics for those widgets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using custom tags or custom filters in your widgets, we will start collecting metrics to give you accurate counts and rates. During widget creation or editing, you will see approximate data based on indexed event. As soon as you save, we will start extracting metrics for those widgets. It may take up to ___ days/weeks to start seeing metrics. 
```
Not sure if we have a timeframe for when the metrics start showing or if it's immediate?

When you are using custom tags, the following features are currently not compatible with metrics extraction:
- Equations

> - Widgets that display data from errors and transactions simultaneously

Reviewer: Should we include any tips as to what to do?

Author: We can include these on the widget builder page I think. I'm going to add it and link there instead.
